First Reading Response
First Reading Response
Within these 30 years the technology has been developed significantl. It changes the world we are lving and the way we are
living as well. To compare 90s',the new era of technology has more varieties either hardward or software such as apple iPhone.
The price and appearances of technology have been changed many times druing just a decade. People tend to have the most 
fashionable one to define that they are a part of high-technology generation. Laptop has gradually becoming thinner and lighter.
Their enthusiasts won't stop their to buy their desired products to maintain the newest status. 
The most changes about high-technology within 30 years is that AI innovation. Robotic human has been appeared and interacted
with real human. They can imunate human's expressions and body-movements. They can perform tasks to help undeveloped earth
and military affairs due to the dangerness. 
There are some ways the high-technology remains the same which are some basic softwares such as word, excel, and ppt ect.
The way of programming are becoming easier but still a lot keep the same strategy, so engineers are still do their same job
during these three decades. Computer is using for gathering information and business staff have not been changing yet.

I read one of the article names: Biocurious, which written by Sara Gevurtz. I felt it is interesting because it is happening
in bay area. People especially artists, who were interested in science in the past always trying to do their artworks with 
science. After 2000s, the bioart has been created by artists working with "wet media" or "living tissues and organisms" as
their medias. Biocurious is place which is located Sunnyvale in bay area where people can do some experiments with tissues,
baterias, and DNA. Biocurious is a non-frofit organization and do make member intellectual property. 
Funding has beens donated by supporters to help people have more chances to get knowledges about biology in
the real lab practices. To encourage anyone without experts status to get involved with science at the Synthetic Biology 
Conference. I think this is amazing idea because in general only experts can participate these kinds of studies. Now, it opens
to anyone which is significant change and progress. Normal people have their rights to know more about themeselves and the e
environment around them. After getting more knowledge, they would know how to protect themselves; however,mutualistic S
environment around them. After getting more knowledge, they would know how to protect themselves; however,mutualistic symbiosis
with other species. It will advanced the society.

The second article is Art in Opensimovement by Thirza Ember. The summany of this topic is to describe that Linden labs give 
people a virtual platform to help people create, buy, sell, relax, interact, and express themselves, which is called: second
life resident. In my opinion that people wanted to build the second life in virtual world for some reasons:
First, they do not really satisfy with their present lives; second, they are curious about virtual world; third, they have
chances to do what they can not be actualized in their lives such as power, rich, poor, or getting old etc. It is kind of 
escaping from the reality and unproductive just like a dream. Even though it is a trend to this high-technology era, people 
should think it more critically. If just like playing a game to get experience and practice in the real world, it would be 
very helpful to improve people's happiness. Otherwise, it is just another type of game. 
