Over the last 30 years technology has grown tremendously. 100% of movies and shows were watched on VHS tapes from 1985 until just about 1996 when DVD's came on the scene, then in 2015 Digital Video started to drag ahead of DVD's -and this is just television. Cell phones were enourmous, brick like objects but now can easily fit in your pants pocket and according to the Washington Post in "1984 only 8 percent of households had personal computers". Technology also inspired new cars, weapons and even our places of residency. 

Now, while some of these vital technological changes have happened and have improved our society. Not all of technology has changed. I believe that nowadays technology is being developed to mainly improve something that already exists instead of creating something new and unique. For example, the telephone. As mentioned before phones have changed greatly in the past, they were made more convenient and portable for people today. This is great, but I started to wonder why technology developers do not develop a new form of communication, because that is what phones were made for mainly, to get in contact with someone. Technology developers shoud create something even more covenient than a cell phone, something more subtile. I know that there are now watches with screens out that people can contact others with but I feel like those watched are too obvious. The reason I say that they should make something really subtile is because it will decrease the chance of someone getting robbed for their items. I hope technology developers can create new, unique things in the future for the mass population that will benefit our society even more so than what we already have.

The first article that piqued my interest was "Artificial Love life as Real as the real thing" by Professor S. Fersad. This article is located in Bar 3 and is the 6th article down from the top. Farsad's use of quotes about how love was an illustion irked me. I do not appriciate how they, I'm not sure if it's a boy or girl, are bluntly saying that Love, one of the things that is at the forefront of my faith, is not real. However, I do understand that everyone is entitled to their own wrong opinions.
I also was not fond of the fact that Fersad was being vague with who the people he or she was doing this "Real love/Fake love" expirement on. We, the viewers do not know if this couple has ever met eachother before or if "S" the female ever found love, we just know she watches t.v. alot now.

Another article that caught my attention was "New Media in Academia" by Brett Stalbaum. This article is located in Bar 14 and is the second article down from the top. Stalbaum basically compares and contrasts the Studio model of teaching art and the classroom model of teaching art. The studio model allows students to come up with their own, non guided, new ideas and has more freedom apparently. The classroom model is more of a traditional way of teaching. "The classroom model can thus be said to be more of a pragmatic, more inclusive model, that is more often found in the U.S. than in Europe. The studio model has its roots in higher European art education, with its more exclusive, romantic view of the artist". I personally like the studio model more than the classroom one because I feel that studio learning is more effective, or at least in my case because I have worked in a number of them and have been able to move around freely and convert my art to perfection. 


Sources: 
1- “What 'Tech World' Did You Grow up in?” The Washington Post, WP Company, https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2017/entertainment/tech-generations/?noredirect=on

2- “Journal.” Switch, 
http://switch.sjsu.edu/archive/nextswitch/switch_engine/front/front.php?cat=14.html.

3- “Journal.” Switch,
http://switch.sjsu.edu/archive/nextswitch/switch_engine/front/front.php?artc=197.html.
