
Reading Response

After I have read a few of the articles from Switch, I realize that virtual reality technology and augmented reality technology
have infiltrated into our lives silently. From computer games to virtual reality games, we can see tremendous progress. At the 
same time, we can also see that human beings are increasingly dependent on and even immersed in the virtual world. Virtual 
reality technology uses the computer to create a virtual space, using virtual reality glasses can enable users to completely
immerse in a virtual synthetic environment, can not see the real environment; using the principle of binocular vision, the 
virtual world in glasses is three-dimensional. In the reading “RE YOU THERE?”, the author states that “Over the years Second 
Life has evolved an artist’s playground, housing a diverse and sophisticated creative community. It is a natural fit – an 
artist can create any space or object and script it to perform almost any action; the work is immersive; an artist can comment
on the space, its nature, push its boundaries, make it crash. “ Many people hope to escape from the real world of life by 
establishing a "second life" in the virtual world, in order to seek psychological pursuit and comfort. In the reading “VIRTUAL 
WORLDS AND THE COLLAPSE OF METAPHOR,” John Lester explains “We eagerly build these tools, using them to extend and augment 
ourselves. They allow us to interact with and manipulate the world in ways never before imagined. Our tools and frameworks 
define how we see ourselves and they define how we see the world as we shape it around us.” Indeed, through the virtual world, 
we can create any role we want to be and customize our virtual life. 

	On the other hand, with the development of virtual reality technology, there are augmented reality technology. 
Augmented reality technology can integrate virtual information (objects, pictures, videos, sounds, etc.) into the real
environment, enrich the real world and build a more comprehensive and better world. Google Glass started, augmented reality 
glasses began to appear, but they are still primary products, these glasses can provide users with some simple auxiliary 
information, but complex information is powerless. By pondering what VR and AR will affect human life, I think that in the 
future, the glasses or contact lenses we wear will change our communication, office, entertainment equipment and so on once 
again; in the future, we will no longer need computers, mobile phones and other entities, just projecting the influence of 
the screen in our eyes, we can create a hanging screen and a three-dimensional operation interface; In the future, the 
boundaries of human eyes will be opened again, the boundaries of hands will be broken again, friends thousands of kilometers 
away can immediately appear in front of you face to face, you will also touch anything in the illusory world; in the future, 
you can completely immerse yourself in another virtual world, a cup of tea with a wave of your hand. A sea, or even another 
life, the real world can not reach the tens of millions of possible life.



Work Cited
“Issue 28 » Archive » Are You There?” Issue 28 RSS, http://switch.sjsu.edu/archive/wp/v28/index.html?p=531.html.

Lester, John. “Issue 27 » Archive » Virtual Worlds and the Collapse of Metaphor.” Issue 27 RSS, http://switch.sjsu.edu/archive/wp/v27/index.html?p=438.html.
