Reading response 3:
I need to complain that I can not fully understand without captions, but I did catch some points. :)

First, technology changed the way we see things because of fake images. 
I happened to read this saying "Advertisement is all about appearance", so all images have the mission to advertise products
or people themselves. When artificial images everywhere or overused, people tend to accept it as natural without thinking.
Resulting in people do not like the real and natural world, they treat people around them either good or bad depending on 
their clothes and facial appearance. The huge stereotype has emerged between people whether they have money to own more
possessions or not. Technology completely changed people's value from quality to quantity. It is hard to lead people to show
true selves because they are worried about being judged by others. They have fake them for a long time unless they
do not know who they are. It is a psychological threatening. 

Second, 3D printing has been printed fire armed guns since 2012. People can buy a 3D printer at home to make everything they 
wanted without concerning if it is legal. One of the woman scientists adopted other people's hair from the subway and used 
their DNA 
to make human through coding and 3D printing just like them. As the BBC audio said high-technology is advanced to the internet, 
but the question is if the society is advanced to accept it. We are living in a digital society, everything is hidden without
controlling by the physical world. If the education system is good enough, people can keep their social contracts not broken 
laws.
Think about Facebook, Google, DMV...many huge high-tech company seems hard to adhere to their principals. Youtube happened to 
detete the videos about HongKong protests which were posted by Chinese. It has been said they were fake videos. 
Why Chinese do not have the rights to free speech to protect their opinions in America? It is dangerous that more and fewer 
voices will be heard in the future. High-tech try the best to control everything while producing everything against social security. Everything is invisible but everything is controlled.

Third, hacker, plagiarize, digital colonialism ...I wanna talk about women. A few women are working as computer sciences. The
profession disparity in this field matter to women's right or equality. High-tech is contributing the most portion
of the country's economy. Men workers are so much more than women so they gain so much money than women as well. If economic
independence is the way for women to gain their equal rights, women have to lose their rights in these points. On the other
hand, men spend so many time on coding rather than their families, so their wives have to quit their job to take care of their
families or because they have enough money. No jobs and no economic contribution seem that women are stepping back to the
past. As some studies showed more and less are in the workplace when comparing in the 1980s in China when women are half of 
the sky. 
