The second reading post:
After watching these four videos, I enforced my perspectives about what is present society. I felt the Berger is amazing with
his foresight view in 1972 when the high-technology was much backward now. People happened to see his videos would have 
chnaged their life for a very good way. 

There are many point of views I strongly agree with:
1) European painting was painted by famous painters which conveying the values, memories, and expiences of the time in many
different lucations. Most of them were real story telling with history events ,they must be treated sacred and respectful for 
late generations in order to educate and remind them should have always remember somethings important happeded in the past.
Therefore, people will continue transmit the values to more and more future generations. It is like their heritage. However, 
re-prodection and re-producing those paintings will be used for different purposes of different group with their benifits, so
the meaning or values of paintings would be mistransmitted. For example, Mona Lisa with its commercial values have been 
transformed with acountless forms even WeChat company uses it for their mohijs. The original paintings of meanings has been 
vanished. Further more, many people buy re-produced painting hang on their home, so many people admire them and see them as 
symbols which is another way have been greatly influenced the present society. It is called: Europeancentricity.

2) Women were a subject of beauty. The values of women were determined by their beauties. The standard of beauty was 
determined by men, who their ideas took from the nuded oil paintings. Men or painters were using their imagination to create 
unreal images for visual world. Afterward, the massive reproductions of cameras and magazines have led spontaniously absored 
by people in reality. Women do not see themselves as who they are, but what they look like by present society or men. By 
contrast, men see women is not the way they used to, but rather to take the standard from images of visual world and bring
them to physical world. I remember the song names "plastic nation", which is a good example of present culture we are living, 
and how women hate themselves do not hesitate to cut themselves by cosmatic surgeries. 

3) European paintings were sybolized power and wealth but not regular individiuals. Self-portraits of paintings were wearing
luxury goods and garments, which to present their conditional values rather than themselves. People's status were determined
by their objective conditions rather than who they are. Cameras captures those noble images's gestures, expressions, poses, and 
prestiges of symbols to reproduce them as different ways for their different benefits. They utilize people's admirations to
the traditional and historial paintings and stimulate them to buy more goods to achieve their higher-standard which presented
by photograph. The more pocessions you have the more you are the center of the world. 
On ther other hand, people who are working with lower lever jobs have been ignored and can not be seen by people around
them. Nobody ever think homeless someday can be them. When the sense of values have been replaced by status and goods, 
people would never find the true relationships either lovers or friendships. 
