Response of "Way of Seeing“

      In the video, John Berger defines seeing. Our eyes naturally receive light and then present it as seeing, but the brain 
  interprets the received image based on personal cognition and social culture, giving it meaning as watching. "Ways of 
  seeing" does not tell us to appreciate images from an aesthetic point of view, but takes us to interpret the capitalism, 
  patriarchy and European social psychology behind images. From the beginning of European traditional oil painting, oil 
  painting was the main visual art carrier in Europe from 1500 to 1900, and was replaced by photography art. Finally, at the 
  end of the advertisement image, the values conveyed in the modern advertisement image are still influenced by the traditional
  oil painting.
  
      Considering whether works of art have historically played a role in displaying power and prestige, I think it depends on 
the artist's values, environmental impact, and needs at that time.  What is conveyed in European oil paintings is different 
from what is conveyed in other cultures. In other cultures, such as Asian culture, the art of painting is used to convey 
wealth, rights, gods, and civic life. They are static, ritual and symbolic. Traditional European oil paintings depict a large 
number of still life, treasures, they look very real, and even you want to touch them with your hands. But they do not praise 
these static things, but show people's possession of these wealth, rights and the use of their rights. John Berger uses the 
famous painting The Ambassadors of 1533 as an example, which conveys the greed of two Frenchmen and their ambition to conquer 
the world. This is also related to European marine culture. If you search for Japanese paintings in 1533, you can see that 
they convey something totally different.

    In the “Way of Seeing,” John Berger also states that everyone sees different meanings of images. The meanings of images 
are easy to be tampered with and copied. So today images have become the simplest and fastest communication language. The 
image is absolutely static. It is like a corridor connecting the moment when the image expresses its content with the moment 
when the viewer watches it. Therefore, half of the interpretation of the image depends on the moment the viewer looks at it. 
John Berger also experimented that viewing the same picture in different music can lead to different understanding of the image
, and the context in which you view the image before and after viewing also has an impact on viewing. Because the image is abso
lutely static, the meaning of the image itself does not belong to them, so the image is very easy to be forged. They can be 
used in different contexts, given different perspectives, or even given a completely different meaning than it was created. 
Today, any work of art, images can be used for any personal purpose to convey personal views. Traditional European oil 
painting is no longer a sacred heritage, but a kind of text, which is used by people. The scenes used more are in 
advertisements. 

      Modern advertisements can still see luxury houses, cars and beautiful women, which are the same as traditional European 
  paintings of manors, fine horses and hounds, naked teenagers. Traditional European oil paintings show the owner's record 
  and pride in his wealth, lifestyle, values, and will be recorded in permanent artistic form. But modern advertising still 
  conveys wealth, lifestyle and values. But the difference is that it wants people who see advertisements to believe that what
  you buy is not a product, but a way of life, a socially acceptable value, even though you may only spend a few dollars. The
  earliest advertisements and many advertisements of the last century are still very realistic propaganda to sell the goods 
  themselves, but today they are totally different. Items only account for a small part of the advertisements. The theme is 
  to buy a dream. The last thing that struck me most was John berger, who pointed out that besides dreaming, advertising 
  also uses its own set of theories to break the real world in which we live. Traditional oil painting is surrounded by a 
  golden frame, which symbolizes the wealth of the owner. So what's the picture frame of today's advertisement? It's us, 
  every real ordinary person. Advertisements everywhere on the road invite us to join in the dreams they create, but ignore 
  us and exclude our real world.
