It is interesting what Christopher Wylie thought he would be doing initially when he joined Cambridge Analytica, and how differently his job would turn into. In this podcast he goes into some details of what his job entailed and how the data Cambridge Analytica being collected was being used. The most effective way it was being used was during the presidential election of 2016. In a lot of ways this information was used to sway public opinion. Different news were being spread to different people. Eventually two sides of the political spectrum drifted further apart from each other with a newly created and drastically leaning right side. They were now receiving fake news and would no longer believe news from media. Then he goes into talking Facebook and Amazon and how all these companies are collecting data. He is a more skeptical man and more wary of the data that is being collected from him. He cautions people how everyday products will eventually collect data and uses a toothbrush as an example. When I think about data collection I'm not too sure where my stance on it is. To be quite honest I have not minded this situation even though I know these websites collect my data. But I can understand why people feel that their privacy are invaded. But it is important to mention that social sites that collect information such as Facebook or Instagram, are free. They are free for the public to use anyone with an email can create an account. What is even more to note is that these sites can become important platforms for entrepreneurs to build their brand and even market their services and goods. These sites that are "free" can make money for their users. But these sites are not able to just run by themselves without a way to make money. If they do not charge their users for to use them, then the other option is to sell information about the users. If people are not comfortable with their information being sold they could one, go off the grid and not use the internet and take part in it at all... Which seems almost impossible. They other option would to be pay these companies for their services. At first thinking about paying for an application such as Instagram or Facebook, I thought I would not take part in it and just stop using it. But that might not be the case anymore. People used to not want to pay for television but out came cable, and then the thought of subscribing to different media companies seemed as if it would not be too successful, but yet here I am paying for Netflix, Disney+, AppleTV and Hulu. If people really wanted something they would pay for it. I think when it comes to the issue of data collection specifically, companies need to be more transparent on what they are collecting. It is hard to draw a line of what is not appropriate to collect. But if these companies were shown a different way to make money rather than selling their user's data, then maybe they'll stop collecting data.
